Revamp About and Community Standards (#143)
jellyfin/jellyfin.org: docs/general/community-standards.md

- **English is the primary working language of Jellyfin, but large portions of the community are not native English speakers**. Be patient when language issues arise, and do not mistake incomplete language knowledge for ignorance or worse. If you are having trouble communicating an idea in English, please post in your native language and ask for help translating, and someone is likely to understand.

- Jellyfin is created exclusively by volunteers, as set out in our Mission Statement. Since they are freely giving their time and effort, **no volunteer contributor owes anything whatsoever to any other contributor, any user, or the project itself**. Contributors are free to come and go as they please, to work on and give attention to what they deem interesting or important, and to respond or not respond to anything they wish. **Do not badger voluneers** in any way about any topic.

> - If you have questions to ask of the community, **please choose the appropriate location** (see our [Getting Help](xref:getting-help) page) and **ask your question in full, immediately, with as much detail as possible**. Author issues aside, [Asking Questions the Smart Way](http://www.catb.org/~esr/faqs/smart-questions.html) is a valuable resource and is recommended reading before engaging with any free and open source community, including ours. **Do not pester or harass** community members for help or to answer questions. **Do not require others to pry information** out of you. **Do not spam questions**; they will be answered when they are answered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you have questions to ask of the community, **please choose the appropriate location** (see our [Getting Help](/docs/general/getting-help) page) and **ask your question in full, immediately, with as much detail as possible**. Author issues aside, [Asking Questions the Smart Way](http://www.catb.org/~esr/faqs/smart-questions.html) is a valuable resource and is recommended reading before engaging with any free and open source community, including ours. **Do not pester or harass** community members for help or to answer questions. **Do not require others to pry information** out of you. **Do not spam questions**; they will be answered when they are answered.
```

## Dispute Resolution and Moderation

Disputes are inevitable, including violations of the rules above. When these occur, the following policy applies.

- Before any other resolution step, we trust the community to police itself. If you see a community member violating these community standards, please let them know, and link them to this document. Do not respond in kind (e.g. respond to a flame with a flame). Most disagreements can be solved with education and discussion. If you have been linked to this document by another user, do not dwell on this point: alter your behaviour as appropriate and move on.

> - If the issue cannot be resolved between the contributors, any complaints, instances of explicit rulebreaking, or unresolvable disagreements with other community members may be directed towards the Core Team or the Project Leader directly. You may do so through email (`team [at] jellyfin.org`) or on Matrix via a direct message. Please include details and context as appropriate. See the [about page](xref:about) for the list of Core Team members and ways to contact them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the issue cannot be resolved between the contributors, any complaints, instances of explicit rulebreaking, or unresolvable disagreements with other community members may be directed towards the Core Team or the Project Leader directly. You may do so through email (`team [at] jellyfin.org`) or on Matrix via a direct message. Please include details and context as appropriate. See the [about page](/docs/general/about) for the list of Core Team members and ways to contact them.
```

- The team will review the complaint and decide on an action, including but not limited to: informal private guidance, informal private warnings, formal public warnings, temporary ban(s) from the various platforms, or permanent ban(s).

- Formal warnings will be made under a "second-chance-only" policy. Once warned, if one repeats the same behaviour, the response will escalate as appropriate to the infraction.

- Moderation tasks in some locations are delegated to other, non-Core team members. This dispute resolution procedure applies anywhere under the Jellyfin umbrella. The Core team and Project Leader retain final say in any dispute resolutions.

## Questions or Comments

> Questions or comments regarding these standards should be forwarded to the [Project Leader](https://matrix.to/#/@joshuaboniface:bonifacelabs.ca) or [Core Team](xref:about).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Questions or comments regarding these standards should be forwarded to the [Project Leader](https://matrix.to/#/@joshuaboniface:bonifacelabs.ca) or [Core Team](/docs/general/about).
```

## Changelog

This document represents official Jellyfin project policy. Any changes to this document require a changelog entry here and approval by a Project Leader.

2020-09-14, Joshua Boniface: Initial version of the community standards document. Based *very* loosely on several CoCs including the Contributor Covenant, and various Forum rules I've read and written over the years.

> 2022-09-03, Joshua Boniface: Update header and footer sections; reduce redundant wording; make rules clearer.

Reviewer 2: Did you check if this shows correctly in the site? In the GitHub markdown preview it doesn't have a line break.

Reviewer: I just checked and both lines are combined as a single paragraph.

Author: Interesting when I did my local docfx build it looked right. I'll add a `<br/>`.

Author: Actually, used bullet points instead.

Reviewer: Probably a difference in how docfx and docusaurus handle markdown.
